Release v1.6.0 (#76)
SalesforceCommerceCloud/commerce-sdk-isomorphic: CHANGELOG.md

# CHANGELOG

## v1.6.0

> #### New Features
> 
> * Documentation links have been updated from `CCDC` to `developer.salesforce.com`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Documentation

* Replaced links to the [Commerce Cloud Developer Center](https://developer.commercecloud.com/s/salesforce-developer-center) with links to the new [Salesforce Developer Portal](https://developer.salesforce.com/docs/commerce/commerce-api).
```
1. It's not new code, it's just a peripheral.
2. Links are helpful!
